OK.
One more topic in this section.
So we saw how to use star as an argument.
Now we're going to see how to use star star as an argument and rather than unpacking lists or tuples
which is what a single started using two stars will help us unpack dictionaries into keyword arguments.
So as always it helps to take a look at some code.
So here's a silly little example.
We have a function called display names with two parameters.
First and Second and all it does is I'm actually going to print instead of for turn just to make this
faster and it will print an F string.
First it says hello to second so we could call it right doing something like display names and then
directly say first equals Chartley seconds equals sue.
Right.
And then I can execute it and then get Charlie says hello to sue.
So that's great.
But just like the previous example with unpacking Sometimes you'll have data that in the burst or in
this case you'll have data that's in a dictionary already like we have here first is called second is
rusty.
It's already set up to look like you know the name of these parameters.
It should fit in Nice and easy.
But if I just pass this in directly you can see I have a comment that says nope I just passed names
in let's see what we get.
We got a problem saying missing one required positional argument second.
So what happens here is that first is assigned to names or names is assigned to first.
So first is the entire dictionary and then second is non-existent.
There's nothing that's been passed in and that's why we get that error message.
So what we do is just leave this here commented out we just add those two stars right in front and it
will essentially unpack this dictionary into separate keyword arguments.
So we'll end up with first equals Colt's comma seconds equals resti as arguments.
And what is it called display names.
So who do the exact same thing.
Let's try it called says hello to Rusty so hopefully you can see how this is useful.
It works with dictionaries.
So a single star will unpack tuples or lists to stars unpack dictionaries into keyword arguments.
Lastly I have one more example.
This one is called add and multiply numbers takes three parameters and it just returns.
And then again I'm going to change that to a print that's going to print.
A-plus B times c.
So if we had a dictionary like this a one be is to see is three as we've already seen.
I can't directly pass that in but if I unpack it we should get 7 because a is one be asked to see is
three multiplication happens first three times to six plus a which is 1 gives us 7.
Let's just verify that we get 7.
OK.
So this is using the dictionary unpacking using two stars.
Now let me just show it in conjunction with KW args and let's just down here.
Print other stuff and we'll just print KW args without the stars remember.
And if we just run this right now nothing should change except we should see other stuff.
And KW args it's an empty dictionary but if this dictionary that we unpacked had multiple things in
it like I don't know d equals 55 comma a name equals Tony.
Just like that you now see that we still get seven ABC works.
But then in KW args we now have two key value pairs that have been unpacked and one last thing.
If I passed in after this let's do cat equals blue.
Now I run it.
We end up with the exact same thing but now we also have cat is blue inside of our KW arcs.
So what I'm trying to show you here is that you can't you can do things other than unpacking a dictionary.
It's not like this is the only thing that you can pass to a function if you're going to use it.
You can pass other arguments afterwards.
OK so that is dictionary unpacking.
So in this section we saw a lot of things that had to do with parameters and arguments.
We saw how to use star args we saw KW args or star star args and then we saw how to use star for unpacking
of lists and tuples and then double star for unpacking of dictionaries.
This is what we just saw.
Cool.
So we are done.